 I want to point out the obvious that you know already, namely that so I'm on slide 13, that's a pretty new subject. Cognitive science is interdisciplinary, but cognitive neuroscience is even more interdisciplinary, because it has all the interdisciplinary from cognitive science and then it has all the neuroscience stuff as well, and even some engineering parts for all the hardware for our experiments. So there's always more to learn, always too much to learn, and you're always at least five education short. So if you get that feeling during this course, then that is completely normal. So you will have to learn to live with this frustration of not getting to the bottom of things. Of course you can decide to want to dive in and spend the rest of your life in some particular corner of this. You've done so, and yes, that's the way to go forward. If there's some particular question that annoys you so much that you cannot live without it. Yes, this is also what makes it fun. Next slide. So just to illustrate how far the reach of this is, we'll start with a little bit of biology. So this is of course my problem is that I tend to want to cover everything, but the idea with wanting to study the brain is that we want to get to the bottom of why it is that our cognition works as it does, and there's no volume biology. And you could say that life is simply a collection of proteins made from amino acids that tries to prevent itself from decaying into an amino acid. That's the poetry of life. So the question is, how does this work and why am I saying this? If you go to the next slide, it's because we need to get to cell biology in order to understand some of the fundamentals of neuroscience. And proteins form cells, so complex collections of proteins made of cells. And the cell is the unit that protects the proteins from decaying into an amino acid. That's what it's there for. And the cell, and this I have from the textbook, all living organisms are built from cells. Small membrane enclosed units built with a concentrated aqueous solution of chemicals and bound with the astronaut's ordinary ability to create copies of themselves by growing and then dividing into two. Cells therefore are the fundamental units of life. Thus, it is to cell biology, the study of cells and the structure, function and behavior, that we look for an answer to the question of what life is and how it works. So if we're interested in life, and cognition is there somehow to support life. And therefore we need to be interested in life. So this is my cognitive neuroscience doctrine. Cognition is a set of processes in a larger collection of cells, the organism, enabled by a subset of cells called neurons. The aim of cognition is to prevent the organism from falling into decay. The assumption is that neurons accomplish this by processing and transmitting information. Next slide. Building blocks of proteins, back to amino acids. They are the building blocks of proteins and you probably almost not see this, but there are a collection, here is a collection of amino acids. And the first take home message here is that there are two main types, that we will focus on the type of fiber, amino acids, and that's a molecule that is attracted to water. Ant tends to be dissolved by the mixture. In contrast, either folks seem to need to help by it. And why is that important? Yes, because then we can make a barrier. Then we can make a barrier, so that we can keep all that fluid of life inside and all the other stuff outside and then we can call this life. Exactly. Thank you. So, the next slide points to some of these amino acids. They are called the essential amino acids. There are, I think, nine of them. And the body cannot produce or cells cannot produce those amino acids themselves. Therefore, we have to consume them from the environment, what we call food, in order to get these and other chemicals, so that we can build proteins. And why is this important then? Well, this is because these essential amino acids, they and their precursors and their derivatives are involved in all the interesting and complex functions of cognition. Because some of them also make up neurotransmitters. And so, if, for example, there is an essential amino acid called tryptophan, and we get some cheese, so please eat a lot of cheese. And that is from tryptophan that we make serotonin, the neurotransmitter, thought to be involved in depression and other things. Also, the control of hunger and a lot of other things. So, if we don't get any tryptophan, we don't have any serotonin. And therefore, a ton of experiments, including one I did here at the Cuxi once, trying to look into tryptophan depletion. So, what happens if you don't eat any tryptophan to become depressed? And results are mixed. But you ought to become depressed if lowering your serotonin levels is what causes depression. Because you will get immediately lower serotonin if you're depleted of tryptophan. That's just the fact. And then, so, this is one of the reasons that the serotonin hypothesis of depression is at least only possible. That's another story. But as you can see, we're already deep into the interesting part here, just from looking at these amino acids. Another thing, another possible word that I want you to start loving, loving already, is the notion of homeostasis. The idea that what the cell does is that it tries to balance all the needs that it has in order to not pull the task. Of course, the cell does this, but the collection of cells from the body does exactly the same. So, we have a lot of variables that the body and thereby commission is there to balance. Say, body temperature, for example. Our body is constantly working to have our body temperature be at about 37 degrees Celsius. That's called homeostasis. Blood sugar, lots of other things. Body and checkerty, you could also call it homeostasis. Everything, in fact, is homeostasis. My drinking coffee here is homeostasis. If I get too much caffeine, my body will tell me. Now it's time to stop drinking coffee. I'm fucking you. So, of course, the systems that we have, they are not perfect, but nonetheless, homeostasis is the goal that will fulfill our ultimate goal named life. Next slide. Once we have amino acids, we can put them together into people peptides. They're strings of amino acids. Their peptides are also interesting because they also make up hormones and neurotransmitters in our bodies and brain. Next slide. One example that you probably know already is oxytocin. Also known as the drug or the love hormone, because it starts to play a vital role in social bonding. Lots of experiments have been done with this where people have been inhaling oxytocin, and then experiments have been done to see if they become more social afterwards. The resultant is... One of the reasons for this is that the brain is very, very well protected. So there's something called the large brain barrier, which is the most optimal enemy for anybody who wants to drug themselves, because it prevents most drugs from entering the brain. And the same is the case for oxytocin. If you're an inhaler of oxytocin, most of it will never go to the brain, and it will just go to the liver and be exhaled. Nevertheless, there seems to be something about this, and this hormone has a lot of other fascinating behaviors, namely during childbirth where childbirth is women, and the final stages causing the uterus to contract, and thus facilitating delivery. It also stimulates the projection of milk during breastfeeding, and thought to then in the process also secure the bonding between child and mother. So fascinating stuff, very difficult to practice. Inhuman therapy. Next slide. Proteins are even more complex, three-dimensional collections of three glasses. And once you have those, you can combine proteins into the cell membrane, for example, or have a protein which forms a hormone in the cell membrane that allows substances to flow in and out of the cell, causing homeostasis to be able to be negotiated, and that transfer can then be used for information processing. Next slide. So these proteins then make up what we call neurons, which we think, and this is far from unconferential, we think are the main information processing devices forming our commission. Many people out there believe that lots of other cells contribute to this, but the main doctrine is the neuron doctrine that says that if the neurons that do the information processing. You will see that with the time being, also because we have no reason of knowing how to investigate this without it. However, we can look at a neuron and see that it consists of different elements that you know from your previous neuroscience courses. The somatic, which contains the DNA and a lot of other things. The axons, which traditionally is said to be the output, the channel of the neuron and the denver act, which are often the input channels. All of this, of course, is much more complicated in real life. Because information processing also happens within the cells at different levels. So you can have information processing that goes on to have the denver, for example. So the prototypical neuron has the nucleus that contains the DNA, which again brings up amino acids. It has the sinusoidal, this watery fluid, and then it has some organelles, for the somes and the faulty apparatus. So basically what happens within the soma is that there is some machinery that looks into the DNA, finds a strip of DNA that codes for a protein, then that strip is copied into something called messenger RNA, which is then sent out and used to produce a protein. So there are so-called protein coding parts of the DNA, and then all the so-called silent DNA that the neuron re-enotes. Yes, so that's what happens there, the proteins that are needed to make up the cell and fix the cell and grow the cell and divide the cell, all have to be in the cell. Also, so now I'm on my slide 25, where I already mentioned that DNA is turned into messenger RNA, which is then turned into a protein. Obviously this presentation is very superficial, so if any of you are biologists or have studied biology, you would be much very quick at saying this, I am not a biologist or this one of the patient that I'm like. Yes. So I will skip this slide in the interest of time, this is the one that has the picture of how this translation into the proteins might take place. Instead I'll go to the slide on the messenger conglia, and this is very important part of the cell, also has this, this is the power plant of the cell where protein, sugar and fat is converted into a curavage acid, and then that is using oxygen is turned into something called adenosine triphosphate or ATP, let's just call it ATP. And this is the energy resource of the cells, so the cells have their own little power plants and it's interesting because there are cells in them, the mitochondria cells in themselves, that sort of got stuck during the evolution inside cells or got harvested, so they have their own DNA for example, which is interesting perhaps. But all cells have mitochondria that provide them with agent. And this is done through something called the Krebs cycle, and now I'm on the slide that this looks incredibly complicated, I'll not go through that except show us a picture of the moat that says how it's a stream, which just says that this is something that we often know, but that means that I just said it's not. One of the things that I just talked about is that, because I just read the other day, which is interesting, is that there are two main ways of producing ATP, one is this mitochondrial ATP production, and another one is a more costly version that doesn't use oxygen. And this is important because it turns out that the brain doesn't use all the oxygen that is delivered, so it probably means that it uses the less efficient means for getting energy to a large extent, and this is very strange. But it's also a very good thing because this is what allows us to collect f9, the bold signal, the blood oxygen level dependent signal that will return to, it depends on the idea that once the cell becomes active, it is provoked. Energy in terms of oxygen is provided at glucose, but it only uses the glucose more or less, which is counterintuitive. I read a paper the other day that this is because in the axons, most efficient energy transfer, information transfer along axons, require very thin axons that don't have any room for the plantry. Therefore, if this is the hypothesis, once the information processing is the variable that we want to optimize, this has happened at the expense of energy optimization. And this is one of the curious facts about the brain is that it uses a lot of energy in a properly rather inefficient manner, but it's efficient in terms of information processing. This is the hypothesis. Brand new paper, I can give you the reference. It was an eye-opener for me. I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true. I have all the knowledge to look through this. It sounds a little bit more. Okay, then I have added some fun. In the slides, this would have been an animation that would have gradually shown you how complex the Krebs cycle really is, or energy consumption really is. You can zoom out using the next slides to this poster, which shows you the complexity of things. And also, you just have to admire that there are people that have been working on it. They probably spent their whole life just in one corner of this. So that's the beauty of science, is that it's filled with nerds that then get stuck in a corner of the universe, and refuse to let go until they figure out something about it. And then you can slowly, hopefully, build maps like this. But nobody can learn that. So, that's what it called, okay. The dumb-down version is that the Krebs cycle provides the cells with energy, and this energy is called ATP. And when I say interact with the environment, well, the membrane is what both maintains life, what defines life, and also what enables this interaction. And it's made up of this phospholipid pylator, that forms a barrier to water-soluble ions. So the things that dissolve in water cannot enter into the cell, and thus the mix with the water inside the cell. And this makes it possible to have new things to form homeostatic balancing acts around. Because now we can have different concentrations of ions on the inside and on the outside. And this is done by having these proteins that form pores in the membrane, that allow particular ions to pass through and prevent other ions from happening. And if you imagine having two pockets of water next to one another, one that contains salt water and one that contains freshwater. If there's a barrier between them, well, then they will remain so. One will remain salt water and the other will remain freshwater. But if you put in a little pores that allow particular ions, so that the sodium and the chloride ions pass through the hole, before these pores, then due to the pores of nature, these ions will flow through and will divide equally in the two buckets, so that we end up with a new solution, salt water, in water. Does it ever truly reach a particular, isn't it something like it's always just in one site? Yes, so the point here is that this is what happens if you die. Then the pores will allow the salt water, whatever fluid it is, that you have inside the cells to interact with the outside, so that there's no longer a difference between the inside and the outside. And that's it. So, but if I understand your... Well, not quite, but maybe it will probably take a little longer. So the point is that there might be other pores that make this even more complicated and I'm trying to make it. But the idea is in situations where there's no pores to actually keep the solutions different, then they will come the same, if they allow to mix. So there's a natural force that causes concentration gradient that will cause them to drag the sodium and chloride ions into the pressure water. However, if you then think of any of the ions and any of the negative ions, and then you have a situation where you only open up the passing of either the positive or the negative ion. Then what will happen is that there's still the concentration gradient, so if we have the positive ion pore here in the middle, then the positive ions, it could be sodium, will start to flow into the fresh water bucket. But because there's... then they'll develop an electric potential across the membrane, now only the positives are in here and that means that there are more positive... that positive charge will develop. And then we'll have an electrical force pulling the ions back out again. Now we have two opposing forces, the concentration gradient force, which is pulling the positive ions in and the electrical force pulling them out again. And this will generate an equilibrium, which is different from zero in terms of electrical potential. So now we suddenly have a difference between the inside and the outside something which also can be manipulated. So that if you have another pore that enables the negative charge to pass through and you can open that briefing, then that will try to restore the equilibrium at zero. So you can play around with these. And what can be observed when looking at the neurons is that there are these differences in concentrations of ions on the inside, on the outside that are caused by the selectively permeable channels. So for example we have the Tation, K-mage, K plus, which has the concentration of five micromobiles on the outside and a hundred micromobiles on the inside. So we have one to twenty relationship and together, and that forms a negative charge of minus eight micromobiles. There's an opposite concentration gradient from sodium or Na-trem, K-mage, where there's ten to one distribution more on the outside than on the inside. This causes a positive charge. Calcium has a very small distribution on the outside, but there's much more on the outside causing another positive charge. And then the chloride that causes another negative charge. Together these different distributions cause a resting state potential of minus zero to five millimoles. So when the cell is at rest, that's what it is like. In order to be able to, as I call it, play with these distributions by opening the hearts, cause the left ions in and out, we also need a machinery that can pump things in and out. And that is the so-called sodium potassium pump, discovered by Jens Kresschenstorff, here in Olms, in 1957. He discovered that using ATP, there is this little machinery on this cell membrane that breaks down ATP in the presence of sodium. And for each ATP, three sodium ions are moved out and two titanium ions are moved in. And doing this continuously as a diesel engine, this allows the cell to use these different pulses and rather be changed with the voltage across the opening closing force. And this is then re-installed by the sodium plasma pump. And this is why we're in the Nobel Park. That's the Jens Kresschenstorff about the Nobel Prize in 1997. Of course, we named the building after the prize, not the person. As he said, the street is called Jens Kresschenstorff Prize. And I spoke with the chair down the building, there will still be Jens Kresschenstorff Prize. It's one of the few days we've had a street named after him before we die. Yes, so I want to get you to think that there is sort of a link between the two notions of equilibrium, for your stasis, they're going to say the same thing. The balancing act that is what life is, namely the closing forces that we maintain in order to be different from our environment. And this equilibrium also allows the cells to be responsive at both sides. But the cell needs to work, that is, it needs to spend energy in order to preserve this data potential. So what is it that it can do then once we have this potential? Well, as I mentioned, it can temporarily change. Here we have the resting state, which is the minus 65 milliliters. Then if you get a current to the system, then what will happen is that there will be proteins in the membrane that are sensitive to changes in the potential that will open as a function of this induced current. And this will then allow ions to flow in or out of the cell, depending on this type of channel. We call this the pores, we call them ion channels. And these ion channels that are sensitive to the potential, we call a voltage-stated ion channel. So certainly changing the potential of the membrane will cause things to happen if we have this. So that will often cause the membrane to de-polarize even further, that's one of the things that happens. And they open and they stay open for a very brief period and then they close again. And once they've been open, it takes a little while for them to be able to open again, that's called a brief-brack period. And that's very important. Because what will happen then is if we have a voltage-stated ion channel that opens here, if we say that there's a space across the membrane here, and once that opens, it de-polarizes this particular area of the membrane, and then that then causes, then they close it again, and that's it, and then cause the membrane next to it to open. And then the signal can move across the membrane like that. Opening, opening, closing, open, closing, opening, closing. And cause there's a brief-brack period, that it cannot move back. But once this opens, you could think that it will also cause the first one to open again, but it doesn't because of the brief-brack period. So that's the first part of the so-called action potential. Is that we have a de-polarization due to the logic-aid sodium channels. Once they've opened, the next thing that happens is that we have a tassel channel that opens here. And then we open that positive ion's back out of this salt-cane protection. And that re-installs the equilibrium, which we have some positive ions that move in, and then other positive ions that move out. And you can see that that causes the concentration gradient to change, the voltage gradient stays the same, the concentration gradient changes, and this is what we need the sodium-possession pump for to reinstate the concentration gradient. And this then causes a signal like this to occur, where we have a brief de-polarization of the membrane, followed by a re-polarization. And, due to the refractory period, this will then cause a movement of this signal across the membrane, in particular down the axon of the cell, because usually the action potential is instigated at a place here at the edge of the soma, called the axon-pillock, which causes the first voltage-pillock to move. So then the signal will move down the axon here, and reach the terminal at the end of the axon. And, yeah, so this whole thing takes approximately 2 milliseconds, and the signal can be conducted with up to 10 meters per second, which you can measure if you try to put a tag in your foot, and then measure how long it takes before you feel the pain. So now we have a signal that moves across the membrane, and due to the refractory period, this is a sort of pulsating signal, because the signal is there, and then it's gone, and then it can come back after a little while. So if you inject a stable current, then that will be translated at the axon to a pulsation. So, and the idea is the stronger the current, the more pulses. And because it takes 2 milliseconds to make an action potential, the upper limits of the pulsation is around 500 hertz, or 500 pulses per second. You never see the neurons pulsating that fast, but there are signals up to around 200 hertz. And the idea here is that the stronger the current, the faster the pulse. Here we have information, which is in different formats. Here we have strength in current, which is something that may happen out of the bent rack, because we can have, we'll get to later, we can have synaptic input to the bent rack, that's happening all at the same time, which is causing a large depolarization. This will be translated into a faster pulsation at the axon, whereas a smaller depolarization will be translated into fewer action potentials or none of them. And this is just something you have to keep in mind, that there are different currencies of information at the cell, already at the single cell, we have at least two different currencies. One is the potential that we can measure, and another is the number of spikes. And they may be the same, but they may also be different things. And one of the conagrums that we are discussing when we are measuring EG and MEG is what part of the signal are we actually tracking. And it turns out, it's probably not the spikes. I already mentioned this, though that there are these two currencies that we can't do. And the idea is that once we get to the synaptic transmission, then to some extent this is turned back into this, or via some neuro-transmitters. Because once the signal, the action potential, is traveled to the terminal, then we have the so-called Hutong, which is the endpoint of the axon. In there we have the conagrum, which reduces energy that are there in order to make it possible to collect neuro-transmitters into vesicles, among other things. So here we have vesicles with neuro-transmitter substances. We know that they can be amino acids, or amines, or peptides, or even more complex molecules. Some neurons have several types of neuro-transmitters stored here, and others only have one type. Yes. Once the signal reaches the terminal, this causes it to spill its neuro-transmitter into the synaptic cleft. The synaptic cleft is the meeting point, and the cleft is the little space in between two neurons. So here we have an axon, one neuron, and productivity, the demgribe of another neuron. It can also be an axon, or a synaptic. These connections can form in many, many ways. It can also be the cell that connects to itself. There are thousands of possibilities, but the prototype is an axon connecting to an end-bite of this postynaptic cell. The neuro-transmitter is released into the cleft, where it binds to postynaptic receptors. These receptors are usually then also ion channels. The neuro-transmitter causes the ion channel in the postynaptic end-bite to open. That can cause de-polarization, if positive ions flow into the cell, or hyper-polarization if there is a channel that causes negative ion channels. I am using chloride to flow into the cell. This is a way to transform the information that we had in terms of the polarization. Now it is translated into an amount of neuro-transmitter, which is then translated into a polarization or depolarization at the next level. Then what happens is that the cell has a re-opted system that removes the neuro-transmitter from the cleft, and then it is ready to shoot again. For example, the most popular anti-depressive products are re-opted inhibitors for serotonin. That means that they prevent the re-opted of the serotonin from the connect cleft, causing the more serotonin in the cleft. You can manipulate that in different ways. For example, by eating more tryptophan, you can make sure that it is possible to generate serotonin in the first place. There are lots and lots of, literally thousands of neuro-transmitters. I don't think that science is fully insured that it has matched all of them, but the most common and well-known are these. There are the simplest ones, namely the amino acids. There is the gamma-aminobutry acid, also known as gamma, which is an inhibitory neuro-transmitter. That means that it causes the close-knack cell to be hypo. There is also the tetrahedron, which causes the depolarized flavor enhancer, which is the version of glutamine, which causes the tongue to be depolarized so that everything tastes a little more. That works on the tongue. Lots of fruits that have glutamine in them, in that yummy taste. There is also the lye-sine, also called a chole-rise. There are many slightly more complicated chemicals, where we have dopamine, the tinnifriene, or adrenaline, as it is called in European. There is also the noregrenaline, histamine, serotonin, probably acetylcholine, you probably heard about most of these names before because they play a role in many things. Antihistamines, for example, and you have allergies, and you have to deal with neurons in your skin and other places. Peptides, lots of complicated stuff here. All of this is chemistry, and all of this is too complicated for most of us. This is quite out. These are synthesized from the essential amino acids to the Rho-sine. If you don't have any Rho-sine, or get that, then you're not able to make these. It also says something about that these are close to each other chemically, so one can be used to divide the other. The point here is that all of these essential amino acids are necessary for these other ones. I've already mentioned that transmetagate ion channels that are of sterility, are depicted as being in the post-synaptic neuron and open in a response to neurofantaminer. This causes the post-synaptic potential to change, and you can either be excitatory change, or an EPSP, so that can be measured. If you release a root into the left cleft, then you'll have a signal that looks something like this over the post-synaptic neuron. If you have a gamma, release gamma, then you'll have a signal that looks something like this. Again, this is something that happens briefly, and then if you release it, it's less brief than the action potential. It's one of the reasons that it's easier to measure, because we can summarize these up over many neurons or places at the membrane, and then they can together form signal threat from the dimensions. The speed of the action potential makes it so that it's very difficult to see it summarized up to a scale where we can measure it with the actual signal. For example, you can imagine an action potential here causing this signal, then you can imagine three action potentials seeing the same area of a neuron, and that summarizes to a larger decoratation. This is important because there's a threshold at what I call the action hillock, the place at the edge of the action. If that is de-clorified at a certain level, then it will cause a spike to occur and not be formed. So one signal up here may not be enough, but a summarization or summary, a spatial summary or summation, may be what is needed to cause a spike to occur. Or it may be a temporal summation, so if you imagine this being a really active neuron that spikes all the time, then because it's the long duration of the decoratization, then they will sum up to a larger e at t, that's t, over time. And at some point that may then cause the action to occur. So the simple version of neural transmission, of neural information processing, is that a signal comes in via a syntax, it depolarizes the neuron. This causes the neuron to form a spike at the axon, it travels down the axon, causing the terminal to release neural transmitter, and then sending the signal to the next neuron. Unfortunately the world is much more complicated than this. For example, we also have modulation of the signal. And there are many ways in which the signal can be modulated. And this is also what we need in some cases, memory, because the membrane may change in response to the neuron. And there are very complex ways to, by which this can happen, I'm not sure if Tentra understood them all, but one of them is this so-called gene protein called system, where there are receptors in the membrane, for example sensitive to normal adrenaline, that cause a protein to be used as so-called second messenger, which will cause ND to be used and something called CAM to be produced, causing different things to happen. So that you, other types of channels open or close, or even that new channels may be serving for the membrane, causing the membrane to be more sensitive to the particular signal. Next slide. This yield normal lasting, it affects with the main protein. Everything that lasts beyond the screen moment is memory. So the summary of this is that we have chemical synaptic transmission, and there's rich diversity in this that allows the complex behaviors, and it provides the explanation for many drug effects. One of the problems, of course, is that if you want to manipulate this system, you have to get across the so-called blood-brain barrier, and most of these substances that we find inside the brain cannot travel in and out of the brain. So that's what it's very good for. Luckily, you could also say, this is key to understanding the neural basis of the membrane and psychiatry, which is a little bit different. Yes. It stopped. It stopped. There you go. Let's see. If we like you, we'll come back up. Now we talked about the neurons, but the brain consists of many other things than neurons. And as I said, there are many people out there who believe that neurons only make up half the information about the brain. Often astrocytes are mentioned as cells that participate in information processing. Astrocytes have many different functions. Among other things, they are part of the blood-brain barrier, but they also, so they form part of the communication between the ossicutus, the vasculature that delivers blood, and the neurons. And they also form part of the energy delivery. The neurons don't only get energy from their own mitochondria, they also get energy from astrocytes. So the blue codes. So how does the question of blood start to come? Does the point take it off and put it back in? Yes! So, lots of astrocytes in the brain, they are part of the large collection of cells called filia, which are all the other cells in the brain that do the housekeeping and other things. So they form the thinking of consideration. Another example of filia is the oligodendrocytes, which wraps around the axis of neurons causing an insulation. And this makes the signal run faster than the x-axis of the brain. It turns the signal from a chemical signal into an actual electrical signal that can run at the speed of light from one point to another here. And, yeah, it goes through that fast. There are also something called schwan cells that do the same from the outside of the brain. The point is that the reason that the axon then rolls fast, the signal doesn't just become completely mononated and travel at the speed of light, is that some intervals, it needs to be reinstalled for the signal or for the light to decay. And that happens at something called the notes of Henri. You see the small mitochondria down here. These are places where there is actually room for mitochondria so that you can spend some more energy. So here the signal has turned back into a chemical signal, reinforced and then sent further off. So you have the oligodendrocytes that form this partly neonating pathways, then reinforced at these nodes here. Yeah, so this makes up a very complex mesh of neurons and the area and what's to complicate really is something that we have to keep in mind when we think that we know how the brain works, because if we've studied the signal processing of the signal, there's lots of other things to happen. There's also something called pericytes. It's also important for our little course here because they are the ones that regulate the capillary flow. So that means that once the cell needs energy, then the pericytes are told so by latching on to, by getting information probably from other neurons or from astrocytes here. And this causes them then to cause the capillary to either contract or open up so that more blood can flow. So there's this intricate communication between neurons, astrocytes and pericytes that form the basis of this low load of energy and then again information. And the point again is that these pericytes provide more oxygen than is needed. Probably they provide as much glucose as needed. And they are also part of the beginning of the blockade barrier. But there's lots of silver back around the pericytes and the vasculature of making sure that the strange foreign substances do not get the brain. So now we've seen that there's this single cell or two cell connection. Of course in order to comprehend this, we need to acknowledge that there are probably 100 billion neurons in the human brain and that they make up hopefully, they make up units that are large enough to be understood and that there might be a spatial distribution of these units causing us to be able to see information as sort of a distributed phenomenon. For example, we can see that one of the things that we've observed by looking at animal brains is that the structure of the brains is more than the same. It's built on the same, by the same architect so to speak, but has just developed in different manners. And so one of the things that we of course sometimes believe is that a bigger brain is better so that humans are smarter than rats. This is an open question. Both that we're smarter than rats but also that it's because we have a big brain. One of the things that I usually say to make it impossible to understand anything is that when we're on these courses we're usually primarily occupied with the cerebrum, here with the cortex. And we completely ignore the cerebellum here, but in fact if we look at the number of neurons in the brain, then 80% of the neurons are in the cerebellum. Only 20, 80% or so are in the disease. And probably that's what the public response is moving about. The subcortical structures that contain only a fraction of the neurons are the most important parts. And they're involved in all of the life-preserving and thus the important part of the existence. Yes. I'm looking forward to hearing you present things on the 5th balance, for example, which is one of my favorite structures. Unfortunately it's all the most impossible to have any signal there with neurons. Therefore there are no neuroimaging studies on the 5th balance. I'm involved in a project that looks to change that, but it will probably fail. But in the 5th balance is where sleep and sex and all of the semi-important things are located, which we will look at later. So the take-home messages, the brain and cognition, and only if you understood in the life of the task, is developed to perform in survival. So in one sense this makes the brain circle minus, but we should not be fooled. It is incredibly complex. And the tools that we have for understanding them are just ridiculously simple. Yes. Therefore one needs to think deep and hard about why we want to start in the brain in the first place, and then prohibition is the target. But we'll discuss this more because the brain is also fascinating. Yes. Good. So this is...